SCRIPT TITLE Written by Name of First Writer Based on, If Any Address Phone Number

EXT. EARLY MORNING SKYLAND STUDIO BACKLOT HIGH WIDE SHOT OF THE BACK LOT, A GIANT WAR SET Crew and production are scurrying about preparing for a huge shot. First day of primary shooting, starting on a very complicated and costly scene. CAMERA ARCS WIDE SHOWING THE IMMENSITY OF THE SCENE THEN LANDS ON GROUP OF CREW, THE DIRECTOR, DP AND CAMERA CREW, GAFFER AND KEY GRIP AND SPECIAL EFFECTS CREW. The crew is having a pre shoot meeting and game plan. An older tall man, the director of photography, with crazy white hair and thick glasses and wild eyes with frenetic energy stands with a pointer in front of a group of elaborate storyboards. He focuses his attention on his camera crew, A cam B cam C cam and their assistants. D.P. This is going to be incredible, absolutely incredible. There's no room for error on this one kids He glares at his crew with his wild eyes, his white flowing outfit swirls around him, making him look like a mad scientist. D.P. (CONT'D) Todays budget is, what is it Stan STAN 1.5 Million sir give or take a few thousands. D.P. 1.5 Million holy shit, Stan are you fucking kidding! That's gotta be some kind of one day record or something! I need everyones A game today, we only get one shot at this scene. I know it's nuts, but thats how I work ladies and gentlemen, no fucking up on my watch. Lizzy, Lizzy my dear I'm taking a huge risk on you and your team, your my A cam team. Your on the frontline! DP walks over to Lizzy and puts his arm around her while he's talking to her. Lizzy is a quite pretty twenty something, with brown long wavy hair. She is dressed in green army shorts black rock tee and army style boots.

The DP looks at her and the crew like children. He guides Lizzy around in circles while he's talking to her. D.P. (CONT'D) You need to capture the heat, the struggle, oh my god the struggle, and of course the death. The death, the death.. The futility of it all! In their eyes, their sweat, the fear, the anxiety the hate. I need it all! He lets go of Lizzy, bends down a little gets close to her and looks directly into her eyes. D.P. (CONT'D) Do you get me my dear? Are we clear? I'm relying on you, this scene sets the tone for the rest of the shoot. The rest of you better be good! He points a boney finger at the rest of the camera crew. Then spins Lizzy around places both hands on Lizzy's shoulders and looks intently into her eyes, getting super close to her face. D.P. (CONT'D) Don't fuck up, no pressure, but just don't fuck up. Lizzy sweating profusely now, nods and appears scared as hell. D.P. (CONT'D) This is basically a oner, so don't ever leave your camera! Comprende? If you have to pee, pee in your fucking pants! Everyone nods in agreement. CUT TO: EXT. CAMERA TENT Camera crews are working feverishly on the cameras, Lizzy is pacing nervously. Larry grizzled looking but handsome is Lizzy's first camera assistant and boyfriend, loads up his bag seems calm and collected, his second camera assistant Mikey hands him extra film mags that he puts into his bag. 2.

LARRY Mikey don't forget the extra prime lenses and my extra cans of air, it's going to get dusty out there. MIKEY Right on Larry anything else? LARRY No I think we're good, just stay by my side as close as possible, we're going to have change lenses and mags on the fly. Mikey loads up his bag and carts puts his tool belt on. LARRY (CONT'D) Hey Lizzy you good? She looks at him with wild eyes LARRY (CONT'D) It's a walk in the park, same old shit! I got your back babe, you got this. Mikey looks at Larry concerned, Larry shakes his head at Mikey and gives him a look, lips the words shut the fuck up. LIZZY I have to go pee! Oh my god I'm so fucking nervous, what if I mess up or something? LARRY Your good, just point the camera at interesting shit, you'll have Niko on the headset giving you directions, I'll be there tapping your shoulder, I'll help guide you around, just don't take the camera off the rig, unless I grab it. Got it? Easy peasy. LIZZY Yeah thanks babe, you're the best! I'll be right back. LARRY Ok just hurry up, scene starts in 10. We'll meet you on set. Lizzy nods and runs off to the bathroom. Mikey and Larry load up their gear and head to the set. 3.
